docs(pull requests): rewrite (#21440)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/key-concepts/pull-requests.md

## How Renovate finds existing PRs

> Renovate does not keep any database/state about open or closed Pull Requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renovate does not need to maintain any database/state about open or closed Pull Requests.
```

We do kind of keep state with repositoryCache, so I want to loosen the wording a little
